hey youtubers day from my tech man came
today I'm gonna show you an app called
scream King scream King is an app that
you can get in the city a store
so obviously have to be jailbroken with
I phone iPod touch and iPad once you and
once your jailbroken you just go into
Cydia and this app is in the BigBoss
repo so you don't have to add any
sources or anything like that cuz big
boss repos included when you jailbreak
so once you get into Cydia allow it to
do all its loading and everything and
you click search at the bottom here type
in stream King once you type that in it
will search it and you will find it
right here just click on it and then you
want to read through it if you like and
click install I already have it
installed so here we go so I install it
and then once you install it screen King
will be there will be an app icon there
right on your springboard so you touch
you tap that and you open up the app and
the first thing you're met with is a
sort of front home page they ask you to
pick your language I think there's two
or three or languages that you could
choose for them I mean the United States
here so I clicked my English there's
also support on Twitter you could follow
for updates and there's also support for
email where you can email the developer
and get some support there for things
that are not working or whatever it is
I've used this app for a couple of days
now and this thing is snappy it's fast
and there's it's untrue civ the
advertisement you know basically you
pick your language you're here in the
main page and you can see over the 35 TV
shows that are available there are some
shows on here that the other services
don't have which is great and you know
what I like about it is you know you
click on a TV show that you like and you
brought - how many season has let's get
a better example let's say American Dad
and you brought to all the seasons
and then you click on seasons and you
have all the episodes now let me remind
you this is totally free for jailbroken
devices so we have now we pick a show
and it is asking to play which is
streaming over at 3G or Wi-Fi and then
also you can download it so that you can
watch it when you don't have a signal I
choose to play and stream once you click
it you're brought to an advertisement
which is not intrusive you're waiting
for the video to buffer and once it
buffers your show will load into
QuickTime and I'll just show you us half
a second because I don't want to
copyright so here is the show and
believe me it's in DVD quality it
streams quick it loads fast and there's
no problems
you can also airplay this over to your
Apple TV or to like say airtight on the
Google TV or on your Mac or PC if you
have a program running that allows you
to airplay you could do so so I'm gonna
hit done and they'll take you back to
the app the advertisement is only at the
bottom there that's how the developer
you know it's a Ford's to pay for
servers that this person has very fast
servers so that's nice and you know you
just go back to your episodes and pick
the next one so you should definitely
try this out it's free it's in the
BigBoss repo in Cydia
it's called screen King and please check
it out
it's awesome and you know me I like to
make these streaming movie and TV show
videos so anytime I come up with one or
find one I'll be definitely making a
video about it so please subscribe and
tell me in the comments what you think
about this you know give me your opinion
and if you know of any sites or apps
that are in Cydia that do these sort of
things with movies and TV shows please
let me know and I also make other kinds
of videos too so just look through all
my videos
if you want to follow alright thank you
and have a nice day and I look forward
to seeing you on my next video
thank you